Redesigned the launch of functional tests for the use of system processes (#262)
Kotlin/kotlinx-kover: docs/development/functionalTests.md

# Functional Tests
Functional tests run Gradle in a separate system process, and then check the result of the work.

> By default, to run functional tests, Gradle is used, which builds a plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, to run functional tests, Gradle is used, which builds the plugin as its dependency.
```
